Different dog breeds have different lifespans.
Science is what we do to find out about the natural world.
The Internet is the world's largest global communication network for computers and other devices.
Language is the normal way humans communicate.
A family is a group of people who, in most cases, live together.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Climate change significantly affects ecosystems and human societies worldwide.
The term country refers to a political entity or its territory in the world.
Culture is a word for the 'way of life' of groups of people, meaning the way they do things.
According to recent studies, renewable energy sources are becoming more efficient.
The scientific method relies on observation, hypothesis, experiment, and analysis.
Present-day climate change includes both global warming—the ongoing increase in global average temperature—and its wider effects on Earth's climate system.
Machine learning addresses the question of how to build computers that improve automatically through experience.
Quantum computing promises to be the next disruptive technology, with numerous possible applications and implications for organizations and markets.
Our object of study is the theory of definable graphs, usually Borel or analytic graphs on Polish spaces.
We investigate how combinatorial concepts, such as colorings and matchings, behave under definability constraints, i.e., when they are required to be definable or well-behaved in the topological or measure theoretic sense.
Advances in neuroscience, alongside huge leaps in computer processing power over the last few decades, have given rise to a new generation of in silico neural networks inspired by the architecture of the brain.
These AI systems are now capable of many of the advanced perceptual and cognitive abilities of biological systems, including object recognition and decision making.
Moreover, AI is now increasingly being employed as a tool for neuroscience research and is transforming our understanding of brain functions.
In particular, deep learning has been used to model how convolutional layers and recurrent connections in the brain’s cerebral cortex control important functions, including visual processing, memory, and motor control.
Methods of computer algebra become more familiar to a wide audience of theoretical mathematicians and physicists.
Although there are a wide range of fast Fourier transform algorithms, involving a wealth of mathematics from number theory to polynomial algebras, the vast majority of FFT implementations in practice employ some variation on the Cooley–Tukey algorithm.